README.md, before:

# Public Samples
This repo is for any public published samples from presentations or blog articles.

Please feel free to utilize the code at will.  As such there are no garantees that any code provided in this repo will function properly in all cases, and is meant for educational use only.

USE INSTRUCTIONS: Unless otherwise stipulated all of these examples are intended to be run inside the context of a SharePoint site collection. Where a 3rd party library was used I make an effort to point to a public CDN where available. Many of these examples have references to custom files that would be stored in a library in a site collection in my own tenant.  Please make sure you review the locataions of all reference libraries and make sure to adjust accordingly to your own needs.

# Blog Posts - Most recent posts at the top.

*Blog posts are linked here, with a link to the corresponding code to the right of the ->*

[Creating a property pane for editing items in your SPFx web parts](http://wp.me/p7UKup-6D) -> [`SPFXItemProperty`](./SPFXItemProperty)

[Utilizing ngOfficeUIFabric People Picker in SharePoint](http://wp.me/p7UKup-5v) -> [`NGFabricUIPeoplePicker`](./NGFabricUIPeoplePicker)

[SharePoint time, is not your time, is not their time.](http://wp.me/p7UKup-5a) -> [`SPDateTime`](./SPDateTime)

[Extending SharePoint with ADAL and the Microsoft Graph API](http://wp.me/p7UKup-28) -> [`MSGraph ADAL Intro`](./MSGraph%20ADAL%20Intro)

# Conference Sessions - Most recent sessions at the top.

## BI for the Cobbler's Children - Client Side Charting and Graphing

Demo: C3 Chart -> [`C3 Chart`](./SP%20Client%20Charting/C3%20Chart)

Demo: Highcharts Dashboard -> [`Highcharts Dashboard`](./SP%20Client%20Charting/Highcharts%20Dashboard)

Demo: Canvas Guage -> [`Canvas Guage`](./SP%20Client%20Charting/Canvas%20Guage)

## Leveraging Microsoft Graph API through Client Side Web Parts

Demo: Use adal.js library without a framework -> [`SPADALNoFramework`](./MSGraph%20ADAL%20Intro/SPADALNoFramework)

Demo: Use adal.js & adal-angular.js in AngularJS 1.x application -> [`SPADALAngular`](./MSGraph%20ADAL%20Intro/SPADALAngular) 

Demo: Create Excel Spreadsheet from Client Side Widget -> [`SPADALMSGraphAPI`](./MSGraph%20ADAL%20Intro/SPADALMSGraphAPI)

## Getting Started with JavaScript Development Workshop

All Demos in the subfolder: [`SP Intro Client Dev`](./SP%20Intro%20Client%20Dev)

## Build a Complete Business Solution using Microsoft Graph API through Client Side Web Parts

Demo: Get Manager/Peers/Direct Reports -> [`GetManagerPeerDR.ts`](./MSGraph%20Application)

Demo: File from SharePoint to OneDrive -> [`FileSPtoOD.ts`](./MSGraph%20Application)

Commit message:

Upload demo code for MSGraph Excel presentation

README.md, after:

# Public Samples
This repo is for any public published samples from presentations or blog articles.

Please feel free to utilize the code at will.  As such there are no guarantees that any code provided in this repo will function properly in all cases, and is meant for educational use only.

USE INSTRUCTIONS: Unless otherwise stipulated all of these examples are intended to be run inside the context of a SharePoint site collection. Where a 3rd party library was used I make an effort to point to a public CDN where available. Many of these examples have references to custom files that would be stored in a library in a site collection in my own tenant.  Please make sure you review the locations of all reference libraries and make sure to adjust accordingly to your own needs.

# Blog Posts - Most recent posts at the top.

*Blog posts are linked here, with a link to the corresponding code to the right of the ->*

[Creating a property pane for editing items in your SPFx web parts](http://wp.me/p7UKup-6D) -> [`SPFXItemProperty`](./SPFXItemProperty)

[Utilizing ngOfficeUIFabric People Picker in SharePoint](http://wp.me/p7UKup-5v) -> [`NGFabricUIPeoplePicker`](./NGFabricUIPeoplePicker)

[SharePoint time, is not your time, is not their time.](http://wp.me/p7UKup-5a) -> [`SPDateTime`](./SPDateTime)

[Extending SharePoint with ADAL and the Microsoft Graph API](http://wp.me/p7UKup-28) -> [`MSGraph ADAL Intro`](./MSGraph%20ADAL%20Intro)

# Conference Sessions - Most recent sessions at the top.

## Excel automation scenarios with SharePoint client-side development

Demo: MSGraph Excel -> [`MSGraph Excel`](./MSGraph%20Excel)

## BI for the Cobbler's Children - Client Side Charting and Graphing

Demo: C3 Chart -> [`C3 Chart`](./SP%20Client%20Charting/C3%20Chart)

Demo: Highcharts Dashboard -> [`Highcharts Dashboard`](./SP%20Client%20Charting/Highcharts%20Dashboard)

Demo: Canvas Guage -> [`Canvas Guage`](./SP%20Client%20Charting/Canvas%20Guage)

## Leveraging Microsoft Graph API through Client Side Web Parts

Demo: Use adal.js library without a framework -> [`SPADALNoFramework`](./MSGraph%20ADAL%20Intro/SPADALNoFramework)

Demo: Use adal.js & adal-angular.js in AngularJS 1.x application -> [`SPADALAngular`](./MSGraph%20ADAL%20Intro/SPADALAngular) 

Demo: Create Excel Spreadsheet from Client Side Widget -> [`SPADALMSGraphAPI`](./MSGraph%20ADAL%20Intro/SPADALMSGraphAPI)

## Getting Started with JavaScript Development Workshop

All Demos in the subfolder: [`SP Intro Client Dev`](./SP%20Intro%20Client%20Dev)

## Build a Complete Business Solution using Microsoft Graph API through Client Side Web Parts

Demo: Get Manager/Peers/Direct Reports -> [`GetManagerPeerDR.ts`](./MSGraph%20Application)

Demo: File from SharePoint to OneDrive -> [`FileSPtoOD.ts`](./MSGraph%20Application)
