PnPjsV3/README.md, before:

# pnpjsv-3

## Summary

Short summary on functionality and used technologies.

[picture of the solution in action, if possible]

## Used SharePoint Framework Version

![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.13-green.svg)

## Applies to

- [SharePoint Framework](https://aka.ms/spfx)
- [Microsoft 365 tenant](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/set-up-your-developer-tenant)

> Get your own free development tenant by subscribing to [Microsoft 365 developer program](http://aka.ms/o365devprogram)

## Prerequisites

> Any special pre-requisites?

## Solution

Solution|Author(s)
--------|---------
folder name | Author details (name, company, twitter alias with link)

## Version history

Version|Date|Comments
-------|----|--------
1.1|March 10, 2021|Update comment
1.0|January 29, 2021|Initial release

## Disclaimer

**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED *AS IS* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

---

## Minimal Path to Awesome

- Clone this repository
- Ensure that you are at the solution folder
- in the command-line run:
  - **npm install**
  - **gulp serve**

> Include any additional steps as needed.

## Features

Description of the extension that expands upon high-level summary above.

This extension illustrates the following concepts:

- topic 1
- topic 2
- topic 3

> Notice that better pictures and documentation will increase the sample usage and the value you are providing for others. Thanks for your submissions advance.

> Share your web part with others through Microsoft 365 Patterns and Practices program to get visibility and exposure. More details on the community, open-source projects and other activities from http://aka.ms/m365pnp.

## References

- [Getting started with SharePoint Framework](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/set-up-your-developer-tenant)
- [Building for Microsoft teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/build-for-teams-overview)
- [Use Microsoft Graph in your solution](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/web-parts/get-started/using-microsoft-graph-apis)
- [Publish SharePoint Framework applications to the Marketplace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/publish-to-marketplace-overview)
- [Microsoft 365 Patterns and Practices](https://aka.ms/m365pnp) - Guidance, tooling, samples and open-source controls for your Microsoft 365 development

Commit message:

Updates for 365EduCon Chicago - September 2022

PnPjsV3/README.md, after:

# pnpjsv-3

## Summary

Demo for using PnPjs version 3 in a SharePoint Framework solution

## Used SharePoint Framework Version

![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.13-green.svg)

## Applies to

- [SharePoint Framework](https://aka.ms/spfx)
- [Microsoft 365 tenant](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/set-up-your-developer-tenant)

> Get your own free development tenant by subscribing to [Microsoft 365 developer program](http://aka.ms/o365devprogram)

## Version history

Version|Date|Comments
-------|----|--------
2.0|September 25, 2022|Update to latest releases
1.1|March 10, 2021|Update comment
1.0|January 29, 2021|Initial release

## Disclaimer

**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED *AS IS* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

---

## Minimal Path to Awesome

- Clone this repository
- Ensure that you are at the solution folder
- in the command-line run:
  - **npm install**
  - **gulp serve**

## Features

Demos the following PnPjs concepts:

- Installing the library
- Creating a configuration file and getting context
- Getting data
- Caching
- Batching

## References

- [PnPjs Documentation](https://pnp.github.io/pnpjs/)
- [Getting started with SharePoint Framework](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/set-up-your-developer-tenant)
- [Building for Microsoft teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/build-for-teams-overview)
- [Use Microsoft Graph in your solution](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/web-parts/get-started/using-microsoft-graph-apis)
- [Publish SharePoint Framework applications to the Marketplace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/publish-to-marketplace-overview)
- [Microsoft 365 Patterns and Practices](https://aka.ms/m365pnp) - Guidance, tooling, samples and open-source controls for your Microsoft 365 development
